Prevent invocation on not existing editable [FF] (#4800)
ckeditor/ckeditor4: CHANGES.md

* [#3638](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/issues/3638): Fixed: Opening the same dialog twice causes it to become hidden under the dialog's page cover.
* [#4247](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/issues/4247): Fixed: [Color Button](https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addon/colorbutton)'s incorrect rendering on the first opening.
* [#4555](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/issues/4555): Fixed: [Font](https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addon/font) styles with attributes are not applied correctly when used multiple times over the same selection.

> * [#4782](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/issues/4782): [FF] Fixed: TypeError in autocomplete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [#4782](https://github.com/ckeditor/ckeditor4/issues/4782): [Firefox] Fixed: `TypeError` is thrown when switching to Source View and back while [Autocomplete](https://ckeditor.com/cke4/addon/autocomplete) plugin is enabled.
```
